docs: clarify that 'it' is `<NuxtPage>` (#22912)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/2.directory-structure/3.app.md

```

::alert{type=danger}

> Since Nuxt 3 uses [`<Suspense>`](https://vuejs.org/guide/built-ins/suspense.html#suspense) inside `<NuxtPage>`, `<NuxtPage>` cannot be set as a root element.

Reviewer: Slight variation:
```suggestion
Since `<NuxtPage>` internally uses the [`<Suspense>`](https://vuejs.org/guide/built-ins/suspense.html#suspense) component, it cannot be set as a root element.
```

Author: Why reintroduce the ambiguous "it" that I intend to clarify :joy_cat: For devs not knowing how `Suspense` works, they could confuse it with `NuxtPage` - or at least be unsure about it.

Reviewer: I do agree it was confusing in the original sentence, as the focus was put on 'Nuxt 3', which we don't even need to mention in this case. I find the rephrased one easily understandable, but that is certainly a subjective matter :)

Linking to the Vue docs addresses the risk of being unsure about what the `<Suspense>` component is. I believe that's sufficient.

Author: I think just calling things by their name is as clear as it can get and not expensive. I like your proposal very much - if we could replace "it" with what it is I'd love to commit that!

Reviewer: Here you are, edited my suggestion 😄
